let's say there are so many great chefs
out there right now inspiring me in
general about flavor I mean Michelle rue
is amazing wonderful man hi something
John two roads absolutely brilliant
James Martin he's a mate of mine but
honestly when I watched him on stage of
the BBC Caputo I just don't know how he
does it every single time the dishes
look great and they taste amazing my
culinary inspiration i would say other
likes of Eric lund large Jamie Oliver
cuz this you know the home home chef and
very very important up but it's the
truth you know they're really really
inspiring and then L took not talking
about and they did teach me so much
during the bake-off as well so I love
those guys
I cooked for Her Majesty the Queen
koepka Prince Charles on various against
my Majesty the Queen at a wedding not
hers and we did a chicken dish with
asparagus and a cream sauce and my son
helped me and we were very proud we go
about 80 different varieties of Chili's
from the mile to the wild chilies my
company's called the arts and smoke
house and we produce and by hand small
volume the product in our home in
felixstowe just outside and Ipswich in
Suffolk
when doing the good food shows now for
the past three years I think just
letting more and more people know about
the brownies we've been doing the food
markets and exhibitions this year people
can enjoy a banquet of Indian sweets and
desserts welcome glass of bubbly and
savory element I have no doubt why
baking this so very popular right now it
is the Great British Bake Off it is
inspired people to get going they watch
the program and they think I could do
that
I think it is absolutely hugely
important for people to learn to cook
themselves it's the most fundamental
basic thing we can do for ourselves it's
the most important thing to do for
ourselves we all have to eat three times
a day it's something I cannot I cannot
stress enough I think it's so important
you know I filled my strong me by that
you